---
title: "IWS Ocean Series-1:1 Superclone"
brand: "IWC"
category: "IWC"
image: "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_5e4ba5b576ba4430b27182ebfff3aa1bmv2-700x701-1.jpg"
images: ["https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_5e4ba5b576ba4430b27182ebfff3aa1bmv2-700x701-1.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_3d458606df0a4d839f71fb6f189894edmv2-700x561-1.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_f9636fd1009f4f80b4985bafd5377e3emv2-700x561-1.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_52be98cb5cc94b269bc8023fa14dbf8dmv2-700x561-1.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_49a258a9b1bb4f879dcb176a5ca32fcbmv2-700x561-1.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_5e4f398716f443b89f57e9eb8966a045mv2-700x561-1.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/4d39d6_f2884eee8c5d452e9bf4fe905bd173acmv2-700x561-1.jpg"]
in_stock: true
source_id: "6794"
---

<div aria-labelledby="tab-title-description" class="woocommerce-Tabs-panel panel entry-content wc-tab woocommerce-Tabs-panel--description" data-accordion-index="description" id="tab-description" role="tabpanel">
<div>
<pre class="_28cEs" data-hook="description"><p>IWS Ocean Series, original open mold! Original, with the world's IWC brand in the name of the water ghost! Summer must-have artifacts that can be worn on any occasion! Genuine 3W plus, with a set of invoices it is genuine! Comparable to the details of the original description as follows: NO.1 movement: the use of Asia's stable ETA2892genuine basic movement using Swiss EAT:2892 automatic mechanical movement, power reserve 42 hours, , movement function structure and re-engraving version exactly consistent! Each movement will be tested by IWS Factory QA, with test results note, to ensure that each watch to the customer's hands are the most accurate, give you the warmest and most intimate protection! NO.2 case case: you can see the picture with the original consistent effect, full table details and genuine consistent CNC processing accurate, three-dimensional lines! Sanding sanding process in place, you can clearly see the effect of sand, consistent with the original process! Table diameter 44mm NO.3 lap: counterclockwise one-way rotation, lap slot slot a Swiss night light effect of the scale sapphire glass ring, luminous and genuine, glass circle inner circle and outer circle are all out of the CNC gong, no dead end precision, match the original, to the point of not being picky! NO.4 Glass: Blue-plated double-sided sapphire glass mirror, anti-scratch anti-glare effect! NO.5: Strap material: genuine consistent rubber strap, genuine consistent workman can be easily disassembled, convenient to clean the love table, life swimming two wrong, can be exchanged with genuine Oh! Waterproof effect 100 meters! NO.6: Surface material: plating, printing oil clear three-dimensional, scale shows the batch nail filling genuine consistent Swiss night light powder, ultra-strong night light effect, like the night scene cousins can not be more suitable! NO.7: Table needle: three original open mold minutes and seconds, size, the most impeccable effect matching genuine! Super Swiss night light! Summary: Watch waterproof performance level, although the size looks large, but the wrist is relatively small or relatively thick people, wear it is absolutely suitable.</p></pre>
</div>
</div>
