---
title: "Panerai Luminor PAM 1118 1:1 Superclone"
brand: "Panerai"
category: "Panerai"
image: "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_b3ff6ff48c854a27bd603e8e27108b78mv2.jpg"
images: ["https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_b3ff6ff48c854a27bd603e8e27108b78mv2.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_5902252b0f9e4188ae277e5505bd415dmv2.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_5185a4758d364af7870f4ff045578c7dmv2.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_20fb19b351ea43aab2378ac93b0336eamv2.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_154028fdf05e4b0fa1373f2fe95dcebemv2.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_71d8a86e8b134d74bf4de5a5b2acb719mv2.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_d33c902654bd4706a01e140893816b8fmv2.jpg", "https://lzxxwatches.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/4d39d6_c46a1ae4a9e6483b8b258a5021652634mv2.jpg"]
in_stock: true
source_id: "15312"
---

<div> <pre data-hook="description" class="_28cEs"><p><strong>CASE  </strong>?C 44mm Solid Forged Carbon monobloc construction (Same as Genuine) PAM 1118<br>?C Titanium case-back with black DLC coating<br>?C Dimensions and weight 100% identical with genuine. All parts can be interchanged with an original<br><strong>DIAL    </strong>?C Hour markers, hands and crown guard line coated with bright lume Superluminova green luminescence phosphorescent that glows up to nine hours at night with uniform luminosity throughout<br>?C Black sun-brushed with luminous Arabic numerals and hour markers.<br>?C Printings ??LUMINOR MARINA?? and ??PANERAI AUTOMATIC?? in white<br>?C Highly legible with laser precision text, prints and engravings , 100% same as genuine<br>?C Date at 3 o??clock and small seconds at 9 o??clock<br>?C Sandwiched dial structure, Black upper dial with green superlumed bottom disc.<br>?C Black matt finish hour hands<br><strong>BEZEL    </strong>?C Carbotech forged carbon<br>?C Design 100% same as Genuine<br><strong>BRACELET    </strong>?C Black Panerai Sportech strap with green luminescent stitching and velcro closure.<br>?C Available black Panerai rubber strap with a pin buckle<br><strong>CRYSTAL    </strong>?C Scratch-proof Sapphire with colorless anti reflective coating inside out<br>?C Same thickness and shape as genuine<br><strong>MOVEMENT    </strong>?C Panerai Calibre P.9010 Swiss Cloned<br>?C Correct serial numbers and identical markings inside and out. Not even your jeweler could tell the difference!<br>?C Oscillator: Anti magnetic hairspring<br>?C Glucydur gilt ?C anti-magnetic balance wheel<br>?C All parts are interchangeable with genuine<br>?C Automatic, mechanical bidirectional self-winding via perpetual rotor<br>?C Smooth Sweeping Seconds Hand Motion, 28.800 VPH (4Hz)<br>?C 31 Jewels (Red rubies)<br>?C Swiss Nano-Oil lubricated<br><strong>FUNCTIONS    </strong>?C Center hour, minute and seconds hands<br>?C Date window at 3 o??clock<br>?C Stop-seconds for precise time setting<br><strong>PRECISION    </strong>?C (-3/+3 sec/day)<br>?C Within COSC certification limits<br><strong>POWER RESERVE   </strong> ?C Approximately 48 hours<br><strong>WATER-RESISTANCE  </strong>  ?C Individually waterproof tested to 300 meters / 1,000 feet<br>?C ??O?? ring synthetic silicone rubber sealant gaskets<br><strong>WARRANTY    </strong>?C All our Panerai Swiss Made Replica watches come with a full 2 years International manufacture??s warranty.<br>?C Our Panerai Swiss replica watches are precisely engraved with correct serial numbers and they can be cross referenced.</p><ul></ul></pre> </div>
